c:\users\david\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\gradeBookSolution\gradeBook\bin\Debug\gradeBook.exe
c:\users\david\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\gradeBookSolution\gradeBook\bin\Debug\gradeBook.pdb
c:\users\david\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\gradeBookSolution\gradeBook\bin\Debug\resources.pri
c:\users\david\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\gradeBookSolution\gradeBook\bin\Debug\AppxManifest.xml
c:\users\david\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\gradeBookSolution\gradeBook\bin\Debug\gradeBook.build.appxrecipe
c:\users\david\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\gradeBookSolution\gradeBook\obj\Debug\App.g.i.cs
c:\users\david\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\gradeBookSolution\gradeBook\obj\Debug\App.g.cs
c:\users\david\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\gradeBookSolution\gradeBook\obj\Debug\Common\StandardStyles.g.i.cs
c:\users\david\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\gradeBookSolution\gradeBook\obj\Debug\Common\StandardStyles.g.cs
c:\users\david\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\gradeBookSolution\gradeBook\obj\Debug\GroupedItemsPage.g.i.cs
c:\users\david\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\gradeBookSolution\gradeBook\obj\Debug\GroupedItemsPage.g.cs
c:\users\david\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\gradeBookSolution\gradeBook\obj\Debug\GroupDetailPage.g.i.cs
c:\users\david\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\gradeBookSolution\gradeBook\obj\Debug\GroupDetailPage.g.cs
c:\users\david\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\gradeBookSolution\gradeBook\obj\Debug\ItemDetailPage.g.i.cs
c:\users\david\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\gradeBookSolution\gradeBook\obj\Debug\ItemDetailPage.g.cs
c:\users\david\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\gradeBookSolution\gradeBook\obj\Debug\XamlTypeInfo.g.cs
c:\users\david\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\gradeBookSolution\gradeBook\obj\Debug\App.xaml
c:\users\david\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\gradeBookSolution\gradeBook\obj\Debug\Common\StandardStyles.xaml
c:\users\david\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\gradeBookSolution\gradeBook\obj\Debug\GroupedItemsPage.xaml
c:\users\david\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\gradeBookSolution\gradeBook\obj\Debug\GroupDetailPage.xaml
c:\users\david\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\gradeBookSolution\gradeBook\obj\Debug\ItemDetailPage.xaml
c:\users\david\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\gradeBookSolution\gradeBook\obj\Debug\gradeBook.exe
c:\users\david\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\gradeBookSolution\gradeBook\obj\Debug\gradeBook.pdb
c:\users\david\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\gradeBookSolution\gradeBook\obj\Debug\priconfig.xml
c:\users\david\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\gradeBookSolution\gradeBook\obj\Debug\layout.resfiles
c:\users\david\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\gradeBookSolution\gradeBook\obj\Debug\resources.resfiles
c:\users\david\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\gradeBookSolution\gradeBook\obj\Debug\pri.resfiles
c:\users\david\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\gradeBookSolution\gradeBook\obj\Debug\LanguageQualifiers.txt
c:\users\david\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\gradeBookSolution\gradeBook\obj\Debug\ProjectArchitectures.txt
c:\users\david\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\gradeBookSolution\gradeBook\obj\Debug\priconfig.xml.intermediate
c:\users\david\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\gradeBookSolution\gradeBook\obj\Debug\layout.resfiles.intermediate
c:\users\david\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\gradeBookSolution\gradeBook\obj\Debug\resources.resfiles.intermediate
c:\users\david\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\gradeBookSolution\gradeBook\obj\Debug\pri.resfiles.intermediate
